In Return of the Ancients,
we'll be adding a new challenge for the first time.
In Path of Exile 2 leagues,
completing every two new challenge quests will allow you to fully integrate new missions.  This
will give you pieces from the
Knight of Aldur armor set,
so you should give it a try.
If you want to see your progress and conditions.
To complete the various challenges,
simply press 'H' to open the challenge screen.
We have eight challenging missions in total.  They
range from simple tasks...  Including challenging missions.
If you want to complete the Rune Seeker quest.
You will need to search for the ruins of an ancient civilization.  With the
number of channels increasing all the time.
Then use those slots to craft new items.
Crafting seven slots can be challenging.
Because the enemy has attacked six times already.
Therefore, attempting this kind of fight might require some skill.  Throughout the entire
campaign.  There
will be several alternative bosses to fight.
If you want to complete the hunter mission.
You need to hunt six of them.  The
final bosses, Akati, the Final Tail,
and Anand, the Desert Worm,
might be quite difficult to find in the Kari Crossroads.
If you want to hunt them down.
Just walk along the dried-up waterway.
Then you'll find a place to test them at the end.  The
mission of an ambitious person can only be accomplished when...
You earn extra class points.
All eight points were earned by completing the power struggle test.
Scoring the final points could be quite a challenge.
You will need to subdue Zarogh in the fourth layer.  The
Trials of Sekkema
Or subdue the tempestuous ones in the Trials of Chaos.
By finding all three keys.
When compared,  The Trials of Chaos  It
will take longer than before.
Since you have to play this test multiple times...
But the test of Sekkema will be even more challenging.
Therefore, you will have to decide which path to choose.  The
mission of an antique enthusiast is quite simple.
Check out these 50 unique items. Having
trouble finding unique items?
Jado, the Master Atlas, possesses many abilities.
That will help you find these items.
If you want to complete the Craftsman mission.
You will need to use several different crafting items.  All of this stems
from encounters with the ruins of civilization.
For the task of a cartographer.
You need to max out the Passive Atlas table,
all 300 passive abilities.
You can complete this task at your own pace.  This can be achieved
by completing all the maps within the castle.
But there's another way.
Each time you successfully subdue the divine judge.
You will gain the ability to pass.  A
large area of ​​the castle was completed.
Find the key and fight him.
By searching for the fortress located in the Atlas.
Each fortress will have large beams of bright light.
You'll be able to see through the fog.
After fighting him four times.  The
entire castle will be considered passed.
And last but not least.  The Cleanser's Mission
This challenging mission requires...
Defeating three ultimate bosses.  This
was the toughest battle in the game:
Tangmasu
Bodak
and Gaya of Kulemak.
These bosses are the ultimate bosses of the Delirium,
Ritual, and Abyss leagues,
so you'll need to complete these three story quests.
In order to complete this challenge.
But what was important for Gaia of Kulemach was...  It
means you have to subdue him when he's at his peak power.
Which means we have to take a risk with the item.
In the fight against the boss.
By returning the finger.  And then subdue him again, just like before.
As I mentioned before...
Completing every two challenge missions.  This
will allow you to obtain pieces from an armor set.
Therefore, you don't have to complete all the tasks.
In order to receive certain prizes.
But if you pass all of them...  You'll get to showcase your skills
because everyone in the public chat or message board will.  You
will be able to see how many missions you have completed.
In addition, you will receive decorations.  The
Monument to Challenge  For your hiding place.
Which means from now on.
People who trade items with you.  You'll be
able to see that you were there.  They have successfully conquered the league before.
Try these challenging missions and many more
this May 30th in Return of the Ancients.
Thanks for watching! See you soon!